Note from head of IT

Studio37 will be build using Microsoft's asp.net core framework. Asp.net core provides the ease and reliabilty of
Microsofts developing environment aswel as cross platform functionallity that will help in saving hosting costs.
Also asp.net core provides a integrated cross platform app development environment for both Android and IOS that 
intends to assist us when extending our platform to a mobile application.

Back End
The Back End is an essential part of the platform. By building an API(Application Programing Inteface) that contains
all the 'calls'(i.e Communication) made to the Server ass well as the fuctionallity and storage of all Data. Devellopers 
working on the Front End can be given the documentation of the API Library wich they can then use to send information to 
and from the Server. This seperation in Front And Back End assists in expanding our product to multiple platforms build by 
different Front end devellopers that all communicate with a central server.

The Back End will consist of 1 MSSQL Database that contains all user data and one asp.net core API Project that will communicate
with the user and the database equiped with SignalR for Live video streaming functionallity. This API wil be equiped with a user
interface that will be purly for admin perposes where our admin team can monitor content beeng posted and remove mellitios content
if necissary.

Hours estimated
Database design: 5-10 hours
DataBase Constuctions: 20 hours

API Design: 10 hours
API Constuction:30- 40 hours

User interface
Design: 5 hours
Construction: 10 hours

Back End Testing:10 hours

Front End
The Initial user interface will be build ass a website that communicate with the API. For ease of integration and user accesibility,
the project will be build using the MVC file structer and the template that includes security featers provided by the asp.net platform.
This allows focus to be directed in to producing a beautiful user experience.

Hours estimated
Design: 20 hours
Construction: 20 hours
API Integration: 10 hours
Testing: 2 hours


We have ellected to withold the construction of a mobile application in order to save costs from the initial budget preposal. However 
our team strongly beleave that the mobile enfironment is essential to the success of our product. Thus I have included my estimates for
the mobile application development. We will include this to the revised bedget preposal for your concideration only.

Design: 30 hours
Construction: 30 hours
API Integration 10 hours
Testing: 2 hours


Newly Estimated Costs
Excluding Mobile App 
Total Hours: 149  
R170/Hour
Total Costs R25 330.00

Including  Mobile App
Total Hours: 211 
R170/Hour
Total Costs: R35 870.00

Hosting
Hosting pakages capable of running the project varies from R100.00 to R5 000.00 per month depending on Provider. We have desided to use
GoDaddy's delux hosing package thats priced at R139.00 per month with the additional costs of aquireing the domain name for R150 and
perchasing email addresses to acompany our domain is estimated to cost R150.00. 
 

Conclusion
Concidiring the above information the development of this project will initially cost R25 330.00 for development accompanied with an
aditional costs of R439.00. That is a Total of R25 769.00 with futher monthly costs of R139.00 for hosting.
We do relize that this amount exceeds our initial budget projections of only R17 350.00 assigned to Project Development, and do not expect
funding to increase. We will work within the initial budget projections if that is expected.
